"Now, the first is the Four Renal Sessions. Regular terminology. The Four Renal Sessions
is as I said, and you know, nothing is a mystery, nothing is exaggerated or nothing is added
with the Buddhist dogmas here. Whether we like to omit that or whether we don't like to omit
that, that's what it is. That's it. That's what it is. Among the Four Renal Sessions,
what is it? The great master's singing, fourth one, is the precious human body. The precious
of our life. Human body, in particular, our life. This our present life, you, me, is so
precious, so special. That's what I also said the other day. The father said, have the joy.
Joy is important. We have every reason to be joy. This beautiful life is with us. This
is beautiful. It's all the means of tools, as the great master said. Another master is
welcome. It's bold. It is planned to cross the samsara to make the change, to make the
difference. We know that this is. We're not going to achieve. We're not going to do it.
And then, particularly, this is so special. This life is so special. And this is, again,
very simple. As I said, this great master's teaching is so simple, so direct. It just
goes to the target. Target is, as I said, his own realization is experienced as one
of the great teachers. It's also very colloquial, of course. You don't know that it's colloquial
but in Tibet, it's colloquial. It's very beautiful. Colloquial is very easy to understand.
And also simple. Now, here, that begins with what? It begins with the chima ho. Chima ho
is wonderful. How beautiful it is. It's wonderful. It's beautiful because it's going to give
the songs of the way things are without keeping in or hiding. And this great master is going
to sing the song without any fears. Fears, excited as it is. It's wonderful how beautiful
it is. It is the song of freedom, song of joy, song of appreciation, song of recognizing
the values of the way things are. How beautiful it is. And each time, he highlights how precious,
how beautiful. That is what I have. It's not just talking somebody's trail outside. It's
not going through the cane story about trails. Oh, you have this and that things. He is saying
that to us we have that. You have that. You have that. How precious. How rich. Oh, he's
saying himself. I have that. I have that. I have this. This. It's a wonderful one, not
another. So beautiful. And the first one is then, is that said, as I translated, there
are many eons, but they're rarely done history. So there's many eons. Eons is chain of the
times in a way that we know. I mean, you know, the century, millenniums. Millennium is not
just stay forever. Centuries are changing or the days are changing, hours are changing,
days are changing, month is changing, years are changing. Decade is changing. Centuries
are changing. And millenniums are changing. All millenniums are moving. It's moving, moving,
moving. And the aeon is changing. Changing. And then even though they're all changing,
they're not, that means they're not saying. It's not exactly the same. It's changing.
Changing. Yesterday is not the same today. Today will not be the same tomorrow. It's
just the way things are. Things. But this time is when it's changing. Changing. Even
there's so many changes. Therefore, the teaching in some eons or some centuries, some millenniums,
there's no teachings at all. Buddha in the teaching said, Buddha never, Buddha came,
Buddha gone, Buddha didn't came, and their teachings are not there. Buddha came, Buddha
gave the teaching, teaching disappeared. That happened. That happened. But this time, this
beautiful golden portion of eons, among the portion of eons, the gracious teacher, Buddha
Shakyamali came, he gave the teaching. Those great practical and the lineage borders are
pulled. Teachings are still shining as billions sun. Even there's many interruptions up another
that. But in our area, our place, there is a beautiful window of light. The sun is shining
brilliant brightly and warmly to us. How wonderful, how beautiful it is. How joyous it is. And
then this is one after another. I don't have to go this, this, so I won't go through more
things. But then there's many things, all these, like there are many, many buildings,
but also Buddha won't come. And for example, in this portion of eons, there is also one
portion of Buddha came. And this portion of eons, and in this portion of the eons, there's
one portion of Buddha, and this is the fourth of Buddhas. And then even Buddha came, sometimes,
as I said, more real, and then his terms and teachings are not there. Buddha came, teaching
this effort. So that is about the teachings. And now, next one is about our lives. Our
lives are very precious. My life is precious, your life is precious. It's also real. It's
real. That means it's real, real and precious. It's difficult to obtain such assets as what
we have these conditions. First that you know, the 18 endowments. Among the 18 endowments,
first is called ad freedoms. We all have the ad freedom lectures. Ad freedom lectures.
You have, I have. It is so special. If we look at these ad freedoms or other things,
that can be, we can have maybe only seven freedoms. We can have only like ad freedoms.
It can happen, but it's not happen. That means our cause and the condition, our circumstances,
everything went so balanced, exactly where we want. Everything went so beautiful, exactly
where we want. Time we consulted, time we kept the birth, time we grown up, even there
is, this and that things happen. But still, I am. Still you are what you are. So beautiful,
so sweet. Anything can be interrupted. Even everything walked so well. Some kind of happened,
happened and then changed the course. That we know. So that means everything really went
so well and so beautiful and it's so sweet. And then among the human beings, and then
we start talking about generally, and then among the, in the court of Buddha teaching,
there is four continents, four continents. And first, there is four continents and that,
among that, this, our continent is called the Southern continents, which is so special
according to Buddha teaching. Because this Southern continent is the place of the opportunities.
And this is also where you can develop things. There is also not always easy, not always
so kind of like as lala lamps. Which is, in the Buddha's teaching, is good because the
challenge makes ourselves stronger, deeper, and we go to more, in a way, training. Training,
without the training, we won't be stronger. This naturally, there are so many trainings.
Physically trainings, mentally trainings, and psychological trainings, trainings,
trainings, trainings, trainings. And we cannot keep up that. We make each time stronger,
stronger, and stronger. That's why. Therefore, this, the Southern continent is so special.
And for that, as I said, it's called land of opportunity. In the Buddha's teaching,
zamling leja sabha, zamling leja sabha, where you perform the karmic activities here.
For example, like three other continents, East, West, North, God's rain, and animal rain,
all those are mainly going through the result what they did.
The karmic concept is what they did. There's not many new karmic things happening, things.
They are spending, whether they're good or bad, spending their vast deeds.
This war, therefore, is the land of karma, the Southern continent,
where you perform the activity, not just spending the karma that you had,
but you are creating new vision, new goal, new activities.
And therefore, this is the best place in the Buddha's teaching.
So here, among that, all the Southern continents to be born in the Southern continent is difficult.
Among the Southern continents, there is also many places, no dharmas.
And so where the dharmas places, it's real.
Among those places, even now, it's more kind of clarifying about the freedoms.
Even if you're born as a human being, but if some of our organs are defective,
such as we are new to other people, what's called this?
Dev. Dev, yeah, that's true.
Dev, or some kind of organs are missing, then even if you have the beautiful intention in heart,
really you cannot communicate so well.
You can't see four advantages.
Therefore, we're not so lucky, so fortunate.
Therefore, we have to glorify our richness, highest things.